today I'm moving into my apartment but
the movers are ahead of schedule and I
am behind schedule so I got
done my custom to me ham sloth chair
survived so I do not have an AC yet so
all the windows are open so it's very
noisy and then there's a guy pulling up
titles of the restroom it's time for a
snapchat QA around New York City
living in a city like New York on the
driver war has actually been one of my
favorite parts it's just hard to be
super excited about biking and who's
supporting everywhere when it 90 degrees
outside and you're just drenched in
sweat everywhere you go subway system is
decent sometimes it's perfect and you
get to where you need to be like that
and then other times there are
significant delays that just totally
trash your plans so I have been staying
above ground on my booster board or my
bike and it's more get well it's just
hot give it when traveling soon so where
Sarah are you a cat or dog person sign
your traveling plans actually coming up
soon next week I will be going to San
Francisco and then in like three weeks
I'll be going to London you heard it
here first man I'm going to London
England I am just all kind of stood and
I'm a cat person I love other people's
thoughts I would just never want to own
one who have to be responsible for
walking and picking up it's my first
time
I should ask Taylor Swift would say
welcome to Muir I feel like you just
have to get the touristy things out of
the way so top three for me when FB
central park and then empire state
building or Rockefeller Center and in
tan square you only have to go to time
square it once it gets a little old
after the first time but go at night
it's pretty epic what is your place too
so my favorite place to eat is like a
tourist it's getting a tad old now on
but shake shack shake shack if amazing
it's a must if you come visit New York
and my favorite coffee place there
they're kind of like a chain around here
near there's several locations is Irving
farm Coffee Roasters amazing coffee and
amazing food Sarah this might not be
related to New York City but what to do
mayor slay some case nice neck so many
people have asked me and so many people
have commented about it so about a month
or two ago I reached out to him and I
asked a few minutes to an episode and he
was actually all for it with it a lots
changed since then he's still doing the
studio renovations and he opened up
another new addition to we'll see we'll
see i think it was yummy
and thank you guys but you know keeps
busy do only time will tell I am so
sweaty that is a fantastic question
because there's so much weird stuff
going on in New York um you know I'll
play this the weirdest thing that I have
experienced is there's all this crazy
stuff going around Europe people shy she
just up and costumes or not really
dressed at all it's so odd because I the
strangest looks when ever I'll like film
myself in public I've always thought
that was so weird because it's everyone
else who is taking pictures and taking
videos of things that are like on
postcards and you can just buy the store
but when you're like documenting
yourself and where you are and your
friends that's like yours and it's yours
to keep forever and special to you and
some other weird saying that I have
encountered that it's in my freakin New
York City and p
still give you really strange looks for
filming yourself in public but who cares
right I'll probably never see them again
what's something you don't like about
you what's something I don't love about
New York i wish i could have california
weather so maybe you would say i'm not
the biggest fan of the weather but i'm
excited to have actual seasons summer
it's hot fall it's not too hot not too
cold winter it's freezing and in spring
you know not too hot not too cool design
from Texas where there really aren't any
seasons it's either a hundred degrees or
it is freezing but I'm freaking living
in my dream city I got apartment I like
getting my life together and it's
exciting it's I mean the fact that I'm
here is just beyond my wildest dreams go
light those so much fun thank you guys
for the questions I have to just run all
the errands by all the things and clean
all the things so that will be fun um
thanks for the snapchat questions you
don't follow me on snapchat you should
it's just my name is Sarah did you again
you guys rock stay peachy and I will see
you in the next ok bye it's a one
bedroom and so yeah let me get me show
you guys around so you walk in
immediately into the kitchen